When Cal was a Senior
in high school...
Morning. dingleberry.
Yeah...
No. I'm gonna kick your ass.
Yeah. well...
put your bra and panties on.
Okay... I'll be there in 10.
...he spent every day
with his best friend Derek.
♪ All veils and misty ♪
♪ Streets of blue ♪
♪ Almond looks ♪
♪ That chill divine ♪
♪ Some silken moment ♪
- ♪ Goes on forever ♪
♪ And we're leavin'
broken hearts behind ♪
- ♪ Mystify ♪
Let's go! Work it! Work it!
Come on! Let's go! Work hard!
You pansy motherfucker!
Let's go. Cal!
Don't be a pussy!
Let's go! Work hard!
♪ Mystify me ♪
- ♪ I need perfection ♪
Work hard!
♪ Some twisted selection ♪
♪ That tangles me ♪
♪ To keep me alive ♪
♪ Mystify ♪
- ♪ Mystify me ♪
- Good work. boy.
♪ Mystify. mystify me ♪
♪ Eternally wild
with the power ♪
♪ To make every
moment come alive ♪
♪ All those stars
that shine upon you ♪
♪ Well they kiss
you every night ♪
♪ Mystify ♪
♪ Mystify me ♪
You wanna get a milkshake?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ I'm taking a ride
with my best friend ♪
The best part about his
relationship with Derek
was that they
could talk for hours
about sports. girls.
life. whatever.
It didn't matter.
Or they could just
sit in silence.
They were that close.
That comfortable.
♪ ♪
You can go.
- What?
Oh.
He met Marsha junior year.
- What?
- Nothin'.
♪ Walking like a man
Hitting like a hammer ♪
♪ She's a juvenile scam ♪
Marsha. Marsha. stop.
♪ She's got the look ♪
Marsha... I'm gonna bite
your foot I swear to God.
Do it.
I am driving.
- So?
It is dangerous.
♪ She's got the look.
she's got the look ♪
♪ She's got the look ♪
Ah...
♪ What in
the world can make... ♪
Marsha was way more forward
than any girl
he had met before.
♪ When everything... ♪
And even though he
wasn't always comfortable.
he was grateful she
pushed his boundaries.
♪ She's got the look.
she's got the look ♪
Ooh god. Ooh.
♪ And I go la la la la la ♪
Ahh.
He couldn't wait to tell Derek.
And then she
unbuttoned my pants.
and. like. just went for it.
Dude. was it good?
I mean. yeah.
And. like...
could she. like.
I mean. uh. did she.
like. uh. deep throat?
- Yeah.
- Oh. nice. dude.
- Where'd you pop?
- Where do ya think?
- And she swallowed?
- Yeah.
- Wow. dude. Ah.
- So. I mean. she's a keeper?
- Ah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
I guess so.
♪ Together with me
and my baby ♪
♪ Break the chains of love ♪
Derek. hit the road.
- Uh... yeah.
I'll see you at practice.
- Yep.
Have a good night.
Mr. Jacobs.
- Get up.
- I will.
Right now.
I don't feel well.
You were fine
when I walked in.
Dinner's on the table.
Oh fuck.
So. um...
I met a girl.
And so did Derek.
- Hey! Come on in!
- Hey!
♪ She floats like a swan ♪
♪ Grace on the water ♪
- ♪ Lips like sugar ♪
I got an idea.
What are you doin'. bro?
Oh my god. Derek!
Let's go for a swim.
Yeah. let's do it!
Should we do it?
- Oh my god.
- Come on. come on!
Come on!
♪ Lips like sugar ♪
- ♪ Sugar kisses ♪
- All right. let's go!
- Woo!
♪ Lips like sugar ♪
♪ Sugar kisses ♪
Have fun. guys.
Have fun. big boy.
Marsha...
what're you doin'?
Hold... Hold on.
Oh... I'm so sorry.
And just like that...
it became a regular thing.
♪ Make my back burn ♪
Back then. Marsha would
tell him what felt good.
and. eventually.
he got better at it.
Oh my god.
- You're smiling.
-  That was amazing.
- You like it that much?
I do.
I'm fine with that.
- Mind if I do it again?
- Please do.
And he did like it that much.
In fact. it was all
he could think about.
- Really?
- I love it.
Yeah. I don't know. uh.
I like women. but...
you couldn't pay me
to eat pussy.
♪ So many tears I've cried ♪
♪ So much pain inside ♪
♪ But baby. it ain't
over 'til it's over ♪
♪ So many years we've tried ♪
♪ To keep our love alive ♪
I win. pussy.
I win.
♪ How many times
did we give up ♪
♪ But we always
worked things out ♪
Cal was going to Duke.
and Derek was going
to a state school out west.
When summer ends.
your life begins.
- Cheers.
♪ So many tears I've cried ♪
♪ So much pain inside ♪
♪ But baby. it ain't over ♪
Derek insisted
they go celebrate...
just the two of them.
All right.
I know a place
that will serve us.
Just. uh. go up 27.
♪ 'Cause baby. it ain't
over 'til it's over ♪
- Woo!
♪ ♪
Fuckin' shit.
Oh. how you doin'. man?
Hey. how are you guys?
- Could we get. uh.
- two tequila shots. please?
Let's do it.
Thank you.
♪ I can dream about you ♪
-Straight down for you guys.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I knew they'd
serve us here.
Can we get. uh. two more?
Absolutely.
Actually...
can we get four?
Thank you. man.
Go. go. go. boys.
- Rapid fire.
- All right.
- Ah. fuck.
- Oh. boy. yep. Up. down. up.
♪ Don't ask me ♪
♪ What you know is true ♪
♪ Don't have to tell you ♪
♪ I love your precious heart ♪
♪ I... ♪
♪ I was standing ♪
♪ You were there ♪
♪ Two worlds collided ♪
♪ And they could
never tear us apart ♪
♪ We could live ♪
♪ For a thousand years ♪
♪ But if I hurt you ♪
♪ I'd make wine
from your tears ♪
♪ I told you ♪
♪ That we could fly ♪
♪ 'Cause we all have wings ♪
♪ But some of us
don't know why ♪
♪ I was standing ♪
♪ You were there ♪
♪ Two worlds collided ♪
♪ And they could
never tear us apart ♪
♪ You. don't ask me ♪
♪ You were standing.
you know it's true ♪
♪ I was there.
worlds collided ♪
♪ Two worlds collided.
we're shining through ♪
♪ And they could
never tear us apart ♪
Hey.
Hey. babe.
What's wrong?
What?
Are you sure?
Mm-hm.
Are you sure
the test is accurate?
Take another one.
Three.
You took three?
Yeah.
Yeah... of course I am.
Okay.
I'll see you in a minute.
I l-love you. too.
♪ ♪
♪ Call me irresponsible ♪
♪ Call me unreliable ♪
♪ Throw in undependable. too ♪
♪ Do my foolish alibis ♪
♪ Bother you ♪
♪ Well I'm not too clever ♪
♪ I just adore you ♪
♪ Call me unpredictable ♪
♪ Tell me I'm impractical ♪
♪ Rainbows
I'm inclined to pursue ♪
♪ Call me irresponsible ♪
♪ Yes. I'm unreliable ♪
♪ But it's undeniably true ♪
♪ That I'm irresponsibly
mad for you ♪
♪ Go on and call
me unpredictable ♪
♪ Tell me that I'm impractical ♪
♪ Rainbows
I'm inclined to pursue ♪
♪ You go ahead
and call me irresponsible ♪
♪ I admit I'm unreliable ♪
♪ But it is undeniably true... ♪
♪ Ooh. I'm irresponsibly mad ♪
Rue?
Are you high?
Oh. fuck me.
Was she there the whole time.
or did she just walk in?
I mean...
Now. as a beloved character
that a lot of people
are rooting for.
I feel a certain responsibility
to make good decisions.
But I relapsed.
In all fairness.
I did say in the beginning
I had no intentions
of staying clean.
but I get it.
Our country's dark...
and fucked up.
And people.
they just wanna find hope...
- Somewhere.
- Anywhere.
And if not in reality...
then in television.
Unfortunately... I'm not it.
Ugh. Elly?
Oh. shit.
Sorry. that was
from last year.
Sorry.
"How to Get Away
With Being a Drug Addict."
Step one: Find a cover drug.
'Cause no matter how
hard you try to hide it.
if you're doing drugs.
you're gonna get caught.
It's inevitable.
and when that does happen.
you don't wanna be
on the defensive.
Trust me. no one believes
an addict when they're caught.
So. first things first.
you want to lay the groundwork.
- Heyo.
This movie's nuts.
Which one is this?
- "Killer Baby"?
I don't even know.
- Ohh!
"Killer Mutant Baby."
Oh shit.
I think I'm gonna
start smoking weed.
Why would you
start smoking weed?
'Cause I have panic attacks
every fucking day.
You are so
fucking selfish.
Gia.
Gia!
Gia. it fuckin' helps with my...
fuckin' anxiety.
and my panic attacks.
- and shit. Gia.
I don't wanna
talk to you. Rue.
- Can you just fuckin'
listen for a second?
I don't wanna talk to you!
- Gia! Gia. what the fuck?!
Stop!
The fuck is wrong--
What the--
Are you fucking crazy?!
Don't push me!
- What the fuck
is wrong with you?
- Get your hands off of me!
It's a fucking idea!
I wasn't gonna
fucking do it!
- You're a liar!
- I'm a fuckin' liar?!
- I'm tryin' to fuckin'
tell you something!
- Yes. and you don't give a shit
about you. you don't
give a shit about me.
- You don't give a shit
about your mama.
- It's a fucking idea!
I'm not actually
doin' fuckin' weed!
It was an idea. okay?!
And I should've
never fuckin' told you
'cause you're just
like fucking Mom.
- Don't put--
- Both of you are
fucking crazy!
Now. what you wanna do is
make them second guess
their intuition.
make them feel like
any valid concern
is just their anxiety
getting the best of them.
Step two: Gaslight.
Rue.
when you do drugs...
it's not like when
other people do drugs.
It's better than
committing suicide.
When I'm sober.
that's what I think about.
That's where I'm at. Gia.
Okay?
That's where I'm at.
Now. if you
wanna tell Mom.
you can tell her...
but I don't know what
else I can fuckin' do.
Rue...
I love you...
so. please.
just promise me.
it's just gonna be
weed and nothing more.
I promise.
So. the next time you
put Pop-Tarts in the fridge.
or milk in the cupboard...
you have a motherfuckin' out.
Rue?
Are you high?
I mean.
I just smoked
a little bit of weed.
- Wait. what?
- Ow!
Please. you keep going.
I'm just gonna sit
here for a second.
So. I smoked
a little bit of weed.
and forgot to mention
someone that I met.
By the way.
I think you would
really get along with
once you're not mad
at me for whatever...
you're fuckin'
mad at me about.
I'm not gonna
get along with him.
- Why?
- 'Cause he wants to fuck you.
- You really think so?
- Yes. I know so.
No.
I promise you.
there is no way
that he wants to fuck me.
No way.
Do you wanna fuck Rue?
- Not no.
So. you're straight?
- Kinda.
Are you gay?
- So. you're bi.
- Well. I don't think
of it that way.
- What do you mean?
You've never.
like. thought about
your sexuality before?
Not in a particularly
rigid way. no.
Have you guys fucked?
Is that a thing?
Elliot. I'm asking
the fucking question.
- Why did she
avoid that question?
- Yeah. why did you
dodge the question?
How many girls
have you fucked?
Like. technically. three.
- Technically?
I mean.
technically. the first girl.
it was. like. two seconds.
It was embarrassing.
She probably
wouldn't count it.
She would not count it.
Okay. uh. how many
guys have you fucked?
- 43.
- Are you serious?
- Damn.
- I'm kidding.
How many guys
have you fucked?
She doesn't wanna
answer that question
'cause she's
kind of a whore.
A whore?!
Slut. She's a slut.
I was gonna say slut.
but then whore
just kinda came out.
Wait. how many guys
have you fucked?
You know.
that is an excellent
question. Jules.
- How many guys
have you been with?
- Uh-uh. No.
No. it's not
an excellent question.
In fact. it's an irrelevant
question 'cause
I'm no longer
interested in men. so.
Well. how many men
do you have to fuck
to no longer be
interested in them?
Hmm.
- Uh. I'll tell you if you
promise to never tell Rue.
Are you for real right now?
Deal.
- What the fuck?
Okay.
- Wow! Really?
That's fucked up.
That's like a mentally ill
amount of people to fuck.
- What did she say?
No. that's. like...
- that's. like. bad.
- Wait. do you really think so?
No... I'm kidding.
Who gives a shit?
Everyone's a fuckin' nun.
- Nun?
You're a nun.
- How am I a nun?
You're a trans girl
wearing a binder asking me
whether I'm straight or gay?
Well. I'm navigating
a largely straight.
binary world--
You sound like
you're navigating
a Twitter thread.
I don't know what
that's supposed to mean.
But you know what I mean.
like most people are straight.
And most trans girls
don't wear binders. right?
Yeah. and. uh. most guys
don't hang out with two girls
unless they wanna fuck them.
I didn't say that I didn't
wanna fuck you or Rue.
So. you wanna fuck Jules?
You guys are disgusting.
I'm not out here
swingin' my muff around
waitin' to see who fucks it.
- Okay?
- I don't like you.
- Why?
'Cause you're
being sarcastic.
- and I don't like
sarcastic people.
Wait. aren't I sarcastic?
- No. no. you're the opposite.
All right.
I'm being sarcastic
because I'm uncomfortable.
and the questions
are. like. fuckin'
hypocritical. you know.
and I genuinely
do like Rue.
And. you know.
even though you've
been gangbanged
by the entire galaxy.
you're still fuckin'--
You're great.
Okay? And I want to be friends.
You think he's
being sarcastic?
Unfortunately. no.
Come on!
You're too fast!
You're just fucking slow.
I don't know.
I don't play
sports for a reason!
- Come on!
Fuck.
♪ No. no ♪
Jules!
Fuck.
- Oh. you motherfucker.
- You know--
- You need to take
care of that asthma.
- You know I'm not...
- good at that kind of stuff.
- Oh man. Let me catch my breath.
- Oh. I'm sorry.
My breath.
Does that feel good?
Yeah.
Okay.
The beautiful thing
about getting high
is time ceases to exist.
I mean. you can just
stay in the good moments
without the fear that
they'll come to an end.
When's the last time
you guys played
truth or dare?
Vice Principal Garcia. hi.
My name is Lexi Howard.
I know who you are. Lexi.
Right. sorry.
that was weird. um.
Anyway.
I'm writing this play.
and I was wondering
if I could put it on...
After all that stuff with Cal
at Fezco's convenience store.
Lexi realized
there was a reason
she never tried
to intervene before.
She was an observer.
That's who she was.
She often imagined
that her parents weren't
really her parents...
and that her sister
wasn't her sister.
and that her house wasn't
even really her house.
That it was just a movie...
Suze:
I. I told you.
I didn't promise you that.
...one that she was writing.
Let me just show you
a photo of the prosthetic.
I don't really have
time for that right now.
Can you get me
some Nicorette?
Rue Bennett is
47 minutes late.
- We can't get ahold of her.
- I'm gonna fucking kill her.
Lexi. I need to talk
to you about this scene.
Thanks.
Suze isn't wearing
her wedding ring.
Okay. that's
a props question.
- Okay.
:
I didn't bring it up.
Okay. it's like every.
every single day.
It's like you're OCD!
And cut it!
My name is Lexi Howard.
I am the writer.
director. and creator
of "This Is Life."
While the story's about
a 16-year-old g-- Bleh.
The story is about
a 16-year-old girl.
Grace. who lives in the shadow
of her older sister. Hallie.
Sluttier.
And tackier.
Sloppier.
But the story
isn't about Hallie.
You know.
that's been done before.
It's about Grace.
Here. come with me.
Look. the sidekicks
are usually the more
sensitive. smarter.
more compelling characters.
but for some reason.
they just get overlooked.
- Action!
And I was like.
TV show.
the sidekick is the lead.
Cut!
Are you fuckin' high?
Yeah. it's about
love and friendship.
And about when...
you know. you're younger.
everything just feels
so permanent.
But as you get older.
everyone drifts away.
So. she just started writing.
and writing. and writing.
♪ ♪
Why are you awake at 4 AM?
Why are
you awake at 4 AM?
♪ ♪
Cassie decided
to wake up at 4 AM
that morning to get
ready for school.
She needed to clear her head.
And for those three hours
she spent getting ready...
she only thought
about one thing.
♪ ♪
There was also something
refreshing about the amount
of time she was
putting into herself.
♪ ♪
Out of sight. out of mind.
She loved the ritual.
the attention to detail...
the anxiety and excitement
she felt in her stomach.
And even if Nate pretended
not to notice her...
♪ ♪
It was her way
of telling him
that she was his.
♪ ♪
Hey.
- Wait. why are-- why--
- Uh. my class is this way.
Anyway. back
to where we started.
I'm writing this play.
and I was wondering
if I could put it on.
Sure.
True or dare?
Dare.
Yo. Jules.
I dare you to take a piss
in the middle of the street.
All right.
- Sure. yes!
Gender-fuck me. please!
Wow.
Jules!
Okay. all right.
Oh. shit!
Ohh.
Oh. Okay. Jules.
- Hey! Car.
- Oh... my god.
No. no. no. no. no!
Not on the car.
Hey. look. I. uh.
I noticed the way that
you've been lookin' at me
you know.
past couple days. and I...
I wanted you to know.
I too. I'm into scat play.
and if you wanted to.
like. poop on each other--
- What the fuck?!
- Oh shit. oh shit. oh!
Oh my god.
I'll fuckin' kill you.
goddammit!
Fuck!
I really wanna
go down on you.
We can't do it here.
Please?
If I were a genius.
I'd figure out a way
to do drugs for free.
What if I am a genius?
- I'm a fuckin' genius. Fez.
Is that so?
It is fuckin' so because
I came up
with an amazing
fuckin' plan.
And what would
that be. Rue?
All right. so
...
all you would have
to do is front me.
like. $5.000
worth of drugs. okay?
- And--
Hell the fuck no.
Okay. well. before you say no.
you kind of have to
let me finish. right?
Hell the fuck no.
Okay. why do you
keep saying that?
I did not like the way
that the plan started.
Okay. well. you have to let me
finish the fucking plan.
No.
- Yes.
- You--
- Hell the fuck no. Rue.
Fuck it. I give up.
Whatever.
I'll just take my fuckin'
business elsewhere.
It's your fuckin' loss. man.
Hell the fuck no.
That's a good-ass plan.
Thank you.
Fuckin' Fez didn't
even wanna hear it.
- Why not?
- Ego shit. man.
Yo. Lex. what're you doin'?
Oh. just putting
up fliers for this
play I'm doing.
What play?
The only thing is...
Lexi hadn't told anyone
about the play...
including Cassie.
I'd actually love
for you to read it.
Yeah. for sure.
Just. uh. send it to me.
- Hey. Rue-Rue.
- Hi. Cass.
Wait. are you in the play?
- What play?
- Lexi's play.
What do you mean.
Lexi's play?
Uh. the play
that Lexi wrote.
"Oklahoma."
- What?
- The play's called "Oklahoma"?
No. the drama club's
doing "Oklahoma."
Oh my god.
Do I look like
I'm in "Oklahoma"?
Why would your play
be set in Oklahoma?
You thought
I was auditioning
for "Oklahoma"?
- I haven't read it. so.
- Are you making fun of me.
or did you actually
think I was auditioning
for "Oklahoma"?
- Why the fuck would you
audition for "Oklahoma"?
I'm not!
Then why the fuck
do you look like you're
auditioning for "Oklahoma"?
- Do I?
Yes.
Has everyone read
"Oklahoma" but me?
"Oklahoma"'s not
like a play you read.
- Rue. are you on drugs?
- Yes.
- You relapsed?
- Wait. what?!
Oh. I've just--
Nah. I've just been smokin'
a little bit of weed.
Wait. I don't understand.
If you're not auditioning
for "Oklahoma."
- then why do you look like that?
- Like what?!
Like a country music star.
- In a good way or a bad way?
- Bitch. you better be joking.
- Are you okay. Cass?
No! Yes! Fuck it!
I am in love with Nate Jacobs
and he is in love with me!
And don't you fucking
give me that look. Maddy.
because I didn't
fuck your boyfriend!
You two were broken up
for three weeks and three days
before we even had sex.
so I didn't betray you!
Plus. you guys are
terrible for each other
and you know I'm right
and you guys can all
judge me if you want.
but I do not care!
I have never. ever been happier!
But she didn't say that.
In fact. it was much weirder.
She just stared straight
ahead like she's doing now
and didn't say a word.
I think being single's
really stressing you out.
No. I don't think so.
I hate it.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I think Nate
really fucked me up.
- I said. "Messed me up."
- No. you didn't.
- What do you mean?
I keep trying
to figure out if
I feel worse now
than I did when
I was with Nate.
I mean. you were really unhappy.
Like. I remember how
the good parts felt.
But when it was bad.
was it really that bad?
Or am I just telling myself that
because I'm lonely and bored?
No. you... you deserve someone
who's passionate and loving.
Who yearns for you.
and. and can't wait to see you.
who... who you're
not gonna fight with.
and just who's gonna love you.
Like... really. truly love you.
Yeah...
I don't know.
Do me a favor...
when you get older.
don't be an asshole
to girls you like.
Okay.
Maddy didn't realize that
Cassie was talking
about herself...
...and her relationship
with Nate.
♪ Emotions ♪
♪ What are you doin' ♪
♪ Oh. don't you know ♪
♪ Don't you know
you'll be my ruin ♪
Who she had been
fucking every Friday night
for the last three weeks.
I love that I'm your secret...
and I can't tell a soul.
I love how fuckin'
sick you are.
What I wouldn't give
to be back in high school.
Yeah.
Meanwhile. Kat was having
dinner with Ethan's parents.
So. who's my son with?
Oh. she's got
the cutest smile.
doesn't she?
- Yeah.
- Adorable.
Mom. stop.
- So. Katherine...
Tell me about yourself.
Uh.
Kat got nervous because
she could feel that
there were right answers
and wrong answers.
Who am I?
Oof.
Wow. Wow. wow.
wow. wow. wow.
Um...
I mean. that's. like.
a really big question.
Well. I guess. who am I
is a very different question
than tell me
about yourself. right?
Uh...
I mean. I'm. like.
kinda trying to just...
figure it out myself.
You know. like...
I mean. I guess I just. I...
literally. have
no idea who I am.
Wow...
Wasn't that illuminating.
Kat wanted to crawl into
a hole and fucking die.
And so did Cal.
who hadn't been
able to sleep
since Nate told him
about that disc.
You want a water?
And every time
he'd close his eyes.
he'd imagine...
Aaron. tell your dad
dinner's ready!
Dad. dinner's ready!
But Cal wasn't raised that way.
He wouldn't go down
without a fight.
Hi... I'm Rue.
Um. good to see you. uh.
I would love to present you
with a. a business opportunity.
Okay.
- You want some?
- Oh. I'm okay. Thank you.
Uh.
ever since I. I. I met you
at New Year's.
I was. I was thinking.
um. that...
maybe. you--
um...
uh... I'm in high school. right?
Uh. and I have
a GPA of 3.95.
and let's say.
you know. all my friends
Jamie. Amy. and Lanie
also have
a GPA over 3.7.
Hmm.
And. and. Laurie.
these are. these are girls
that you would never
expect in a million years
to be selling.
Hmm.
Look. I'm a dreamer. you know.
and. and Steve Jobs is my hero.
And I was just thinking.
you know. what if there was
a foolproof system to sell...
you know.
without anyone snitching.
- Hmm.
So. let's say...
hypothetically.
of course. uh.
we were able to pay
Jamie. Amy. and Lanie
$500 a month to be runners.
Now as collateral.
we would upload
- their phones to
a cloud that I own.
- Why would you want that?
- Ah. that's a good
question. Laurie.
May I?
Uh. well. you see...
even though Jamie. Amy.
and Lanie have stellar GPAs.
there's also things
on their phones
that they don't want
the world to know about
because it would
probably jeopardize
their ability to get into
Yale. Columbia. Harvard.
my top choices. uh.
Plus. uh. if they
ever got busted.
we're lookin' at
6 to 12 months in juvie.
Intent to sell is
a way bigger sentence.
Not if you're under 18.
- Hmm.
- Which is nothing to having
your entire life released
and ruined on the internet.
so their incentive to snitch
is basically reduced to zero.
This is an amazing plan.
You're a genius.
- Thank you.
It's true.
I'll front you
a 50k suitcase.
Don't do it.
You're too much of a fuck-up.
- Maybe we should start smaller.
- 10k?
Deal.
That was very mature. Rue.
If you pay each
girl a thousand.
you can flip it for 20.
and that's 7k profit.
- Three to me. Four to you.
- Uh. thank you. Laurie.
You won't regret this.
You pay-up
and re-up in a month.
- Uh. terrific.
Rue. if you screw me.
I'll have you
kidnapped and sold
to some real sick people.
I always find a way
to make my money back.
I'm serious.
Okay.
♪ Na-na. na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na.
na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na. na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na.
na-na-na-na ♪
♪ ♪
What the fuck you doin'?
Lexi knew she couldn't
mount a play all on her own.
so she enlisted
the help of Bobbi
as her stage manager
and partner in crime.
They didn't know
each other well.
except that they
shared a mutual disdain
for "Oklahoma."
- Bobbi. you okay?
- Fuck "Oklahoma."
Are they all
here to audition?
Are you all
Yes.
They're all
here to audition.
Right. yeah. that's.
that's what I thought.
Put yourselves into
a single-file line.
We'll be with you momentarily.
So first. you come
to my fuckin' job
askin' all these weird-ass
questions like the feds.
Then I find you
out in front of my house.
What the fuck
are you doin'. man?
You're free to call the cops.
Why the fuck
would I do that?
Well. it's either call the cops.
let me go or... kill me.
What the fuck. man?
What's with your family?
Are you all just a bunch
of fuckin' assholes?
You beat up my son.
- Yeah. well.
he deserved it. man.
He's a fuckin' bitch.
Oh. okay. tough guy.
Ow. fuck!
Why did you do that?
'Cause you're in no
position to talk shit.
I'm warning you.
You hit me one more--
- Oh. fuck!
- Why don't you call the cops?
- The Chief of Police.
Will Greenwood--
- Mm-hm.
- All right. Ash. Chill out. man.
Fuck!
- This guy don't want
the fuckin' cops involved.
Watch.
- Call the cops.
- I will.
- Dial. bitch.
If you got nothin' to hide.
call the fuckin' cops.
- Stop. stop. stop.
- I'm not fucking stopping.
I'm not stopping.
Call the cops.
- I told you.
- All right. man. I get it.
I know you and your
drug addict friend.
that girl.
You're trying to extort my son.
- What?
- Because of what
I did to her friend.
What the fuck are you
talkin' about. man?
- You know. the blonde.
- Who? Jewel?
Look. man. I didn't
know she was 17.
You tellin' me you
had sex with Jewel?
Who's Jewel?
What the fuck. man?
Do I know Jewel?
The fuck are we even
talkin' about right now. bro?
Jewel.
Jewel. Jewel...
I just want the disc.
What disc?!
- Of Jewel and I.
Yo. you recorded that shit?!
I didn't know.
- You didn't know that
you were recording?
- I fucked up.
Obviously. man.
Yo. who the fuck even
told you I gave a shit
about this anyway?
My son.
Your son?
The one that's
in love with Jewel?
Faye:
Aw. that's cute.
That's not cute. man.
What the fuck?
- What?
What kind of weird-ass
father-son shit is goin'
on around here. bro?
- I'm extremely confused.
You're confused.
I'm fuckin' confused. bro.
- Me too.
I don't even know what
the fuck you're doin' here.
Do you mind if I just leave?
I'm not gonna say
a word about anything.
I swear to God.
Let's just pretend like...
none of this ever happened.
Yo. Ash. let me talk
to you real quick.
Hi... what's your name?
Cal.
Do you and your son. like--
Do you. like.
fuck people together?
Yo. check it out. man.
I'mma let you
walk up outta here
on one condition.
Anything.
You'll keep your
bitch-ass son out
of my fuckin' life.
and Rue's and Jewel's.
till the end of fucking time.
You understand?
I promise.
Now. I don't know shit
about no fuckin' disc. man.
That's not my problem.
Now get this motherfucker
up outta here. Ash.
Why can't I shake
the feeling that
there's. like.
something you're
not telling me.
I don't know.
Like. why don't I trust you?
Is it the face tats?
No. ...
No. it's not the face tats.
Okay. what is it?
These are the kind of things...
that can cause you to relapse.
This is not easy.
but I'm very proud
of each and every one of you
for trying to take this on.
Work this program.
It will work if you work it.
Do you have a crush on Rue?
I do.
I was a little bit
ashamed of myself
that I didn't wanna be
around other people
with this awful.
awful habit.
Because it's
no future in addiction.
I don't care
what they tell you.
Addiction will
take you out.
I feel like Rue
doesn't want to fuck me.
Why don't you think so?
She seems like...
gay... or asexual.
you know?
Like she's not really
interested... in sex.
That's not true.
Really?
No. that's not true at all.
You think Rue's.
like. a sexual person?
I mean. at times. yeah.
Yeah. you're full of shit.
It's true!
I feel like you've fucked
way too many people
to look me in the face.
and lie to me
and say she's some
sexual force of nature.
Fine. No. she's not. like.
the most sexual person ever.
Then how does that work?
- What do you mean?
- 'Cause you're. like.
a sexual person?
Not all the time.
but sometimes.
Fine...
No. okay. she's not
a sexual person.
Or. like. maybe. she is a bit.
I just haven't seen
that side yet.
I wouldn't blame yourself.
- I'm not.
- I'm just saying it's. like.
easy to take that
kind of stuff personally.
Are you. like. trying
to be an asshole right now?
- I'm being sweet right now.
How is that sweet?
'Cause you're very
fuckin' fuckable.
- Why?
I mean.
you're fascinating. right?
'Cause you're creative
and you're smart.
and you're kind of fucked up.
But you're cute.
and you're awkward.
and you're like...
kind of clumsy
but you're very much a whore.
intentionally. which is great.
You know. you're like
extroverted and weird.
but also
introverted and shy...
and your art is amazing.
They should hang it up
at fuckin' MoMA.
But on like a more
superficial note.
you have great tits.
And you and Kurt Cobain
have the same haircut...
which is hot.
Give me that.
But I'm sure Rue
told you all that.
You guys are in love. right?
Shut up.
So. Rue.
the $64.000 question is...
what's in the suitcase?
- School books.
- Ah. is that why
you're in that getup?
You became
an honors student.
- I'm not in the mood
for a lecture.
- Lecture?
- I... like to think
we have conversations.
Yeah. I'm sure you do.
Okay. what?
Did a hornet crawl up
your ass or somethin'?
- What's wrong with you?
- Look. I'm-- Man.
I'm not tryin' to hear
a fuckin' lecture. okay.
about how my life would be
better if I stopped doing drugs.
or believed in God. or Allah.
or whatever the fuck.
Okay. well.
you're the one lookin'
like a Jehovah's Witness.
I just don't think that there's.
uh. Bibles in that suitcase.
- Shut the fuck up. man.
- Wait. wait. wait. Excuse me?
Shut the fuck up?
Don't play that
shit with me.
I've always accepted you
for who you are:
the good. the bad.
and the ugly.
Don't tell me
to shut the fuck up.
I'm not some parent
you can just
treat like shit.
Yeah. well. good thing
nobody's really
lookin' to you
to be a fuckin' parent.
Yo! Excuse me?
Excuse me?
When I sit across from you
and tell you somethin'
about my life.
you don't get to use
that shit against me.
You cross that line again.
we're done.
You talk back right now.
One more fuckin' disrespectful
word outta your mouth.
and we're done.
You hear me?
Hey! You hear me?!
Or what. Ali?
You gonna hit me?
♪ If they made me a queen ♪
♪ I'd be but a slave to you ♪
And before he even took a drink.
he offered it to me first.
♪ If I had everything ♪
♪ I'd still be a slave to you ♪
♪ If I ruled the night ♪
Where are you headed?
To meet a friend.
I know. Mom. I know.
♪ Still I'd turn ♪
Are those my clothes?
Yeah.
I was auditioning
for Lexi's play.
- What play?
- "Oklahoma."
♪ If the world to me bowed
yet humbly I'd plead to you ♪
Yeah...
Oh. she's doin' really good.
Yeah. I'm proud of her.
♪ If I ruled the Earth ♪
♪ What would life be worth ♪
♪ If I hadn't
the right to you ♪
Ready to go to bed?
Mm-hm.
Okay.
Good night. little man.
Sweet dreams.
I got the part!
- What part?
In Lexi's play.
Cool.
♪ If the world to me bowed ♪
♪ Yet humbly I'd plead to you ♪
♪ If my friends were a crowd ♪
♪ I'd turn in my need to you ♪
- ♪ If I ruled the Earth ♪
♪ What would life be worth ♪
♪ If I hadn't the right ♪
♪ To you ♪
♪ Breaking up with me
then making up ♪
♪ Just to make me mad ♪
♪ I think that you
taste like rock candy ♪
♪ Sweet like beaches
leave me all sandy ♪
♪ Why ♪
♪ Do you leave me
with watercolor eyes ♪
♪ Young love don't
always last forever ♪
♪ Wild horses
can't keep us together ♪
♪ So what if you taste
just like heaven ♪
♪ That don't make it right ♪
♪ Hot summer
and cold watermelon ♪
♪ Your love stings
like blood and a lemon ♪
♪ Why ♪
♪ Do you leave me
with watercolor eyes ♪
♪ Watercolor eyes ♪
♪ That don't make it right ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org